Pros of program:
This program is good for getting quick insights on a Mall or Supermarket Database, supposing you need to check for trends
or find failing products or even to get where to give coupons that'll have minimal or close to zero effect on revenue

The date replace function works great because it works on any month apart from January, February or March which is pretty cool
because you might be working with datasets from all 12 months.
You can copy and use it in your code where you see fit(Change the date in format dd-mm-yyyy to just the month in text)

The only thing that'll need changing is the cities, supossing more branches opened in 10 more cities. I won't have much of a 
problem, I'll just add the letters representing them to the branch list and the city names to the branch_cities dictionary.

Save me alot of stress of having to rewrite every month analysis code for the mall. I'll have time to focus on more important
things like finding trends or suggestion marketing strategies using the insights gotten from the Basket Analysis.

If I leave the mall, the next analyst won't have to rewrite all the code, he'll just have to start from where I stopped and
add to the code, supposing the company implemented a new payment system and opened a Gaming and Accessories section for
example.Really just copy and paste already existing code, with some few changes to make it work.

Last but not the least is that it's freakishly fast in technical terms the Time of Execution is less than 2 seconds
like it dosen't matter how many customers the database got it just runs like breez

Cons of program:
No virtualization

Note:
I added a block of code that saves the output of the function to a text file in format Branch_Month_Member_Analysis.txt
eg Yangow_January_Member_Analysis in folder SuperMarket Basket Analysis in Desktop. Just incase you need to print it out and
find patterns and trends manually by yourself or your collegue.

Ciáo happy coding!


Like this project? follow me on twitter @ebubeakukwe. Are you an employer?Reach out to me at +2349037358860 or ebubeakukwe@gmail.com